So recently I wanted to buy this jacket
on the Black Friday sale but
unfortunately I missed the moment when
the price dropped and so I decided why
don't I go on and build this smart price
tracker called deal drop which will
continuously track the price of this
product and will send me the email alert
instantly as soon as the price drops and
we can track any product from any
e-commerce site in the world. It will go
on and scrape the data convert it into
the JSON and stores it inside of our
database. All of this built in Nex.js JS
plus shad CN UI for the back end we are
going to be using superbase and for
scraping our web we will be using
firecrawl all right so I've opened VS
code over here and let's go on and
initialize our brand new nextJS app so
I'm going to open my terminal and I'm
going to say npx create next- app at
latest and press enter and now you'll
notice it's going to ask us our project
name I'm going to say dot if you enter
anything it will create a new folder
right here but I'm already inside this
deal drop folder so I've just pressed
dot And I'm going to click on no
customize settings. And here you can
select your settings. Would you like to
use TypeScript? No. Yes. Lint, yes.
React compiler, no. Because it's
comparatively newer and might cause a
little bit bugs or something like that.
Tailwind CSS, yes. SRC directory, no.
App router, yes. Import ls, no. And now
it will go on and initialize a brand new
Nex.js app right here. You can see it is
installing all the dependencies right
here. Now, meanwhile, this is
installing. Let's go to Chrome and
search shad CN UI. And shad CNUI is
basically a library that provides us
pre-built component that we can drag and
drop inside of our app which makes our
job super easy. So let me show you if I
click on get started right here and
select next.js. This is the installation
guide for shad cnui. Now let me show you
before installing it what type of
component it provides. Like we can see
we got bunch of different list right
here. Like for example if I select
button you can see this is the button
right here. And if you want to import it
right here, you can do it by doing
something like this. It also provides us
with different different types of
variants for this button. Different
sizes right here. Right? Like you can
see this is a default variant. This is
an outlined variant. Secondary, there's
this ghost destru destructive etc.
Right? So a bunch of different things.
So why don't we go back and install shad
cui. So let me just copy this command
right here. Let me see. Yes, our nextjs
has been installed. So this is good. I'm
just going to paste it right here. And
you're going to see it will ask us to
proceed. Yes. And just select all of the
default stuff like neutral over here.
And there we go. It has successfully
installed chat UI inside of our app. Now
why don't we go on and run this? So I'll
say npm run dev and see what do we have
over here. So click on this localhost
3000 and it will open it up inside of
your browser just like this. Now where
is this code inside of our app. So if
you go inside of over here in the app
folder page.js, js. This is where we
have our main entry point. So, I'm going
to remove everything inside of over here
in the return. And I'll actually rename
this to page.jsx.
And I'm going to have a div right here,
which will say subscribe to roadside
coder, which you should if you haven't
yet. Let's get a get rid of this import
right here. And let's see. Yes, we can
just see this subscribe to roadside
coder over here. Okay, nice. Now if I
show you our deployed app right here. So
I'll go to dealrop.wordversel.app.
You'll see we have this button right
here for tracking the price for signing
in. If you click on sign in, it provides
us with this model. So all of these
different different types of components
like for example this card component
right here all come from shads UI. So
shaden UI is super trending nowadays and
it is also built on top of Tailwind CSS.
So it makes our job super easy without
even you know having an external library
with us. We just have to use Tailwind
CSS right here. Okay. Now, how do we use
it? Let's see. I'm just going to say
main over here for the main tag. And
inside this, I'll start writing our
code. And I'll show you how you can
eventually use something like Shaten UI
inside of your app. So, let's say if you
want to have a header right here, I'm
going to have a simple header which will
contain a logo file. Sorry, a logo image
and our authentication button. Right?
So, two elements over here. So I'll have
a div which will contain that image and
the O button. So obviously if you want
you can take whatever image that you
like and you can create it as a logo if
you can if you want you can generate it
using AI or you can click the link in
description down below and you will land
on my GitHub repository where you can
take the logo that I have used inside of
our app over here in the public folder.
So this deal drop logo and you can put
it here inside of your public folder.
You can remove all of these other files.
We're not going to be needing them. And
by the way, just to clean up a few
things in layout.js, you can probably
remove these fonts from over here from
right here. Just keep it simple like
this. If you want to add some title,
I'll say deal drop over here. If you
want, you can add some description over
here, right? As well. So, this looks
much cleaner now. Okay. Let's uh why
don't we go on and add our image right
here, right? For the logo. So let's just
have another div with the class name
display flex items to be center and gap
to be three between them. This is how we
write tailwind CSS right if you are not
aware of it. And I'm going to use the
image tag right here from next slash
image where I can say src and we can
provide the path to our image. So it's
basically right here right deal-lo.png.
So that is what we can write right here.
You can provide it with the alt tag as
well. That is the description of what
this is all about. Now very important
thing to do over here is to provide
width and height right so width can be
600 and height can be 200 and let's say
class name be height of 10 to be width
auto right so basically this is the
resolution that we are providing to this
particular image why don't we go on yes
let's see this is looking really nice
for our main tag right here I'm going to
say minimum height to be screen that is
100 view port height if you hover on
this you will see these exact classes
right here what it's using then I'm
going to provide it with some gradient
so I'll say background linear to bottom
right that it will start from top left
and go to bottom right and I'll say from
orange 50 via white all the way to
orange 50 so it's basically a subtle
gradient right here you'll notice so you
can see you might be able to see there's
a gradient over here you'll be able to
see it better when I provide some color
to our header. So I'll say background
white with 80% opacity. So notice this
section is white and this is sort of an
orang-ish color. I'll provide it with
some backdrop blur to be small and some
border bottom with border color to be
gray 200. Some display flex and justify
items to be between so that logo is on
left side and the o button is on the
right side and items to be center.
Right? So let's see. Yes, something like
this. This is exactly what we want with
some border and everything for this div
right here which wraps both of these
things. So below this as I mentioned we
will have our o button right here. So
for this parent div I'm going to say max
weight to be 7 xls MX auto so that we
have even margin on both of the sides.
Some padding of horizontal and some
padding of vertical display flex justify
between and items to be center. So let's
see. Yeah, something like this. When we
have something over here, a button, it
will be on the right side. So, let me
show you how we can add it button. So,
we'll be importing from shad cui. So,
I'll say button. So, actually before
that, we have to install this button as
well. Right? So, if I show you in shad
cnui, if you go to the button component,
see to install it, you just have to say
npx chat at latest add button. So, if
you go to your terminal, let's open a
new terminal over here. And I'm going to
paste this right here. And what this
will do, it will create a new folder
over here called components. And inside
this, it will have this UI folder where
it will keep all of these buttons and
all of the other chats and UI related
components. Right? So cool. Then we're
not going to touch this. If you want,
you can customize this as well. But
yeah, let's go on and import this. So
I'll say button. And notice it should be
imported from add component/ UI and
whatever the name of the component is.
And over here I'm going to say sign in.
So now if we notice inside of our app
see we have this right here. We can
provide it some variant like variant
default. We can provide it with some
size let's say small and some custom
class name over here as well like
background orange 500 when we hover on
it background orange 600 and gap to be
two. So something like this. Yeah. If
you also want to provide some icon over
here, shaden UI also installs lucid
icons from where you can uh like import
something like log in icon something
like this and you can provide it with
some class name of width to be four and
height to be four. Let's go on and
check. Yes, you can see this icon right
here. Now I need to understand why is
this not on both of the sides. I think
accidentally I have added these classes
over here. It should not be over here.
If we save this now. Yes, now it's
looking better. Let's make this sticky
so that it's rem like it remains on the
top. So I'll say top to be zero. Let me
just make this a little bit smaller.
Yeah. And Z index to be 10. So that
remains on the top. Okay. This looks
good, I guess. Yeah, this is fine. Now
below this header component is where we
will be creating our hero section. So if
you see inside of our deployed app, this
is our hero section which has this input
and all of these cards over here as
well. So for these cards, obviously it's
your choice if you want to keep them or
not or whatever content that you want to
keep inside of them. We will render them
from an object, right? So what you can
do, you can just go to this app folder
in my g repository page.js and here we
have this object for features, right?
Just copy this up and paste it right
over here. Also for this component, we
will be having like our user details
over here as well. So for now, null and
we will be rendering the products inside
of our homepage as well, right? So for
now, let's just say const products
equals an empty array, right? Cool. Then
uh we will render these features over
here as well. So below this header I'll
say section since this is our hero
section and I'll give it the class name
of some vertical padding of 20 and
horizontal padding of four. Inside of
this we are going to be having a div for
our hero text which will have class name
of max width to be 7 xl some MX auto
sets in the very center some text to be
center and inside of this we will be
adding all of those text like first of
all I'll be adding this small text on
the top made with love by roadside
coder. So let's have our div over here
for this text. Then below it, I'll have
I'll have an H2 which will say never
miss a price drop. Then for the
subtitle, we can have a paragraph tag
which will say track prices from any
e-commerce site. Okay, let's see. Okay,
it's saying that rabbit is not defined.
So we have to import these icons over
here as well. Don't worry, I'll explain
what this is all about. And this bell as
well. Make sure to import all of these
from Lucid React like this. Okay, let's
first see what we have written over
here. Yes, this looks good. Let's style
this a little bit. First of all, for
this made with love line, I'm going to
say inline flex items to be center, some
gap of two between the items, background
orange of 100, text orange of 700, some
padding vertical and horizontal, rounded
full from the sides, text to be small,
font medium, and margin bottom to be
six. For this title right here, I'm
going to say text to be 5 XL, font to be
bold, text gray to be 900, some margin
bottom, and tracking type so the words
are a little bit tighter. And for the
paragraph, I'm going to say text to be
Excel which is around 20 pixel. Text
color to be gray 600. Margin bottom to
be 6 uh sorry 12. And some max width to
be 2x so it does not spread from end to
end, right? And some MX auto. So let's
see. Yes, this looks awesome. Now after
this section not section I mean after
this paragraph is where we will be
rendering our product form. So basically
this thing right here right and after
this we will be rendering all of our
features. So basically features will
only be visible if there is no product
and user is logged in. So notice if I
try to sign in over here continue with
Google. See when the products are
visible then those features are not
visible after logging in. Right? So
let's render these features. So we've
already taken this uh dummy products
empty array over here. Obviously later
on we will be fetching them from our
database. So right here I'm going to say
products dotlength is equals to zero.
Then inside this we're going to render a
div. Okay. So inside this div we will be
rendering all of these features that we
have taken over here. First of all for
this div I'm going to give this some
class name of display grid. In the
medium screens, grid columns will be
three. Gap to be six, max width to be 4
XL, some MX auto, and margin top to be
16. So, features dot map. So, let's map
through this. Let's dstructure all of
these things. So, for example, icon,
we're going to rename it to icon, title,
and description. And over here inside of
this, I'm going to be rendering a div
right here with key to be title and
class name to be background white. some
padding of six rounded excel border
border gray 200 and inside this first of
all we will render the icon. So icon
will be width and height to be 12
background or to be 100 rounded large
display flex items to be center justify
center and some margin bottom to be four
and MX auto right and we will render the
icon over here. So now if you notice yes
we can see all of the icons right here.
Then simply below this we can render our
title and description right. So
something like this in the H3 and
paragraph right simple enough there we
go this is looking awesome now when
there is no product or user is not
logged in we can show the empty state so
if we sign out so right now it won't be
visible actually because user should be
signed in and if user is signed in and
then he doesn't have any product then we
can show an empty state right here so I
guess we'll worry about that later on
when we have implemented user
authentication inside of our app right
okay nice now when it comes to this
input right here. We'll be creating a
separate component for this. So inside
of over here in the components, I'm
going to create a new file add product
form dot jsx r a fce add product forms.
Wait, I have added this dash right here.
Let me remove that. Yes. And this will
basically take the user's information if
the user is logged in or not right now.
So we will be importing it right here.
Add product form just like this. and we
will provide it with user something like
this. Let's see. Yes, add product form.
Let's why don't we go on and uh quickly
create this form over here. Form inside
this form we're going to have our div
which will have class name of display
flex flex column in the bigger screens
flex row and gap to be two. So basically
we will have an input. So we will be
using different different types of shadi
component like for example over here
input. So why don't we go on and install
all of them at once so that we don't
have to install them one by one later.
Right? So for example we have already
installed button we will be installing
input alert
badge card dialogue for all the models
ser for the toast the toast pop-up. And
I guess that's pretty much it. Let's
press enter and it will install it.
There we go. It's done. Okay. Nice.
Let's close this. And over here I'm
going to be having the input component
right here. This input right here it
will be of type URL. And we also need to
take a state over here. So use state for
storing this value that we'll be
inputting from the user right the actual
URL that we are supposed to track. So
I'll call it URL and set URL. And since
we're using hooks over here in nextJS
the dynamic component should be a client
component. So I'll say use client
whenever we are trying to add any hook
or such complex you know dynamic logic
that should be a client component. If
it's a simple component it can be a
server component and we can avoid this
flag right here. Okay. Now obviously if
you want to change this state I'm going
to say value to be URL on change I'm
going to set this URL with e.target
target do value and then we can provide
it with more things like placeholder
like paste product URL from whatever
website class name can be hide to be 12
text base and it will be required we can
also actually have a loading state right
here which will disable this whenever we
are loading or we are fetching right so
I'll say disabled
equals loading okay let's see how this
looks pretty good for our form right
here I'll say class name to be width
full max width to be 2 XL and MX auto
let's see okay pretty good now um also
when we submit our form we will also
need to have a handle submit right so on
submit handle submit so let me just
create a empty function for now so I'll
say const handle submit right here this
will be an asynchronous function and
take an event right here we'll worry
about it later on when we make our API
call inside of Right after this input,
we are also going to be having a button
for tracking that particular product.
Right? So inside this button, I'm going
to say if the loading is going on, I'm
going to show this loader to icon over
here with margin right to be two, height
and width to be four and animate spin
and show adding. Otherwise, we're going
to show track price. So let's see. Yes,
something like this. Track price. Let's
add some class names over here.
Actually, let's say background orange to
be 500 on hover background orange 600.
Height to be 10. In the bigger screens
height to be 12 and some horizontal
padding type is going to be submit
disabled loading. And after this we can
also provide some size of large. Let's
see. Yes, now it looks much better.
Awesome. Now um below this form actually
uh let's just wrap it in this react
fragment just like this. And this is
where we will be also having our
authentication model displayed. Right?
So I'll say O model. So basically if
user tries to add the product and they
are not logged in, it will trigger this
O model right here and ask them to
login. So see in this our deploy if I
try to click on track price. Okay, let's
just enter something. Let's enter some
legit URL for example this. And if I
click on track price, see it's asking
them to log in first. Okay. So cool.
Then there's that. We have created the
basic UI for our app. Now, why don't we
first go on and set up the back end for
our app and also the service which will
help us to scrape different different
websites as like I showed you in the
intro. So, first of all, let's do that.
So, click the link in description down
below and you will land on firecrawl.
And firecrawl not only helps you to
scrape data, it also turns it into LLM
ready data. What does that mean? So
let's say if I ask it to scrape data
from Amazon's some product page right
but I'll say only fetch pricing the name
of the product description and if it's
available or not right it will only do
that otherwise you'll have to tailor
your scraping for each and every website
separately right and that would be a
absolute headache and firecrawl makes it
super easy and I'll show you and by the
way it is free to get started so if I
show you if I scroll down notice this is
one of the examples of how it you know
scrapes the data and provides it to us
in a structured format and it basically
provides us three major functions. One
is scrape ready data from the website.
You can see something like this. We will
obviously be using NodeJS over here. So
something like this and also it is super
easy to use as well. The second feature
that it provides is search and by the
way this is the feature that we will be
using inside of this app. search helps
us to search multiple different URLs for
a particular information and get the
full content right so something like
this app dot search and crawl as well so
let's say if you want to crawl a
particular website right if you want to
exclude some parts it can also do that
as well so it's highly customizable
according to your use case cool then why
don't we go on and sign up first let's
continue with Google and there we go we
are in you can see our API key right
here which will help us to develop this
app, right? Okay, why don't we go on and
click on playground right here and
explore how this works. So over here you
can see we have multiple different
options right here, right? Search, map,
scrape and all. So this is the one that
we want to test. So let me get a product
URL right here. For example, this Zara
URL and I'm going to be pasting it right
here. Now notice we have bunch of
different options over here. Like for
example in the settings we have option
to include main content only if you want
to parse it as PDF or not. Right? We can
also choose to structure our data in the
CSV format as well over here or you can
also choose the output format. Currently
it's selected as markdown. Let me select
JSON right here. And here we can define
our prompt on exactly what we want. Like
for example I'm going to enter extract
the product name as this, price as this,
currency code and image URL in these.
Right? Right? You can exactly define
your schema over here as well. So let me
just do that. I'm going to say product
name, current price, currency code and
product image URL over here as well. And
we can also define which is required. So
I'm going to choose both of these as
required and click on save options. Now
why don't we go and click on start
scraping. And notice we have this get
code option over here as well. So you
can get the exact code ready to be added
inside of your application. You can see
with formats and everything. So all of
these things are super cool. So notice
we have all of these data right here.
Let's verify it. So this the name of the
product, pricing, currency code, and
even the product image URL, right? This
is why I absolutely love firecrawl. It
saves so much of my time. Amazing.
Similar to this, you guys can explore
these other options over here as well
and build your app according to this.
Right? So why don't we just for now go
on and copy this API key right here.
Actually I'll just go to API key and
I'll create a new API key for this
tutorial. So deal drop YT create key.
There we go. I'll just copy it up so
that I can delete this after the URL so
that you guys cannot use this API key.
Uh I'm just going to go on and create a
envir. And this is where I'm going to be
keeping my API key over here. Let's name
it firecrawl API key and save this. We
will also be needing to install the
package for firecrawl right here. So I'm
going to say npm install at
mendable/firecrol-js.
So this is something that we saw as a
part of playground right but what if we
want to go on and build our app using
scrape. So if I click on this scrape
right here, obviously I showed you that
they provide us the code from over here
as well. But they have their own
comprehensive documentation right here
which you guys can go through and
understand how each and everything
works, right? And I'll show you as we
move forward in this video. Cool. Then
so I guess we have installed this. If
you go to the quick start right here, it
will show you. Yep, this is the package.
So npm install atible/firecrol-js.
Awesome. Also guys, make sure the
version that you're installing right
here for different different
dependencies is same as mine. Otherwise,
this might throw an error and you might
have to go through the documentation,
right? So notice in my GitHub
repository, you can check in
package.json. If you have installed the
newer version, obviously you can go
through their docs right here and you
can compare on what has changed right
here. Right? You can ask their docs a
question over here as well. These are
super helpful. Okay, nice. So we are
done with hull setup. Now next we have
to set up our backend as well. And for
our backend we are going to be using
superbase. And you can click the link in
description down below and you will land
on this page right here. You might have
heard of superbase. It is super popular
and it uses a postgress SQL database and
provides us with features like
authentication, instant APIs without
needing any server setup, edge
functions, real-time subscription
storage, vector embedding and much more.
You might have seen my previous project
tutorials. I have used superbase
multiple times in this channel, right?
So why don't we go on and click on start
your project. It might ask you to create
some organization over here. And then
inside of it, you can create a new
project over here. You can select your
organization. You can enter your project
name. So I'll say deal drop some
database password. Let me just randomly
generate a password over here. Region
you can select over here. I'll select
South Asia because that is nearest to
me. and click on create new project. And
there we go. We are in. Now over here,
Superbase has set up the complete
progress SQL database for you. All you
have to do is click on this connect over
here and connect it to your app
according to what you're using. So I'm
I'm going to click on app frameworks
right here. I'm going to select Nex.js
app router with superbase-js. And notice
how it also provides you with the code
for different different files that you
will be needing to add inside of your
application. Okay, fine. Uh before that
let's just copy both of these
environment variables. So I'll just copy
it up and I'll paste it inside of this
env right here. Just like this. This
will enable us to connect to our
superbase. We will also be needing a
couple of more keys over here. So if you
go to project settings over here and
click on API keys and go to legacy anon,
service role key. So we going to be
needing both of these API keys as well
to configure cron jobs and all the other
things which you'll understand later on.
I'll just copy both of them over here.
So I'll reveal and copy this as well.
I'll call it to be next public public
superbase anon key and I'll copy this up
and paste this right here. And this one
will be called superbase service ro key.
So let's remove this because it's going
to be used server side when we are
trying to trigger the email to our user.
And again you don't need to understand
these things as of now. I'll be
explaining this as we move forward in
this video. All right. Now, let's go on
and connect our app with Superbase.
Right. So, I'll close this up. First of
all, actually, I'm just going to click
on over here Next.js guide. And we'll
get the complete guide right here on how
we can install Superbase inside of our
application. If you want, you can set up
your complete NexJS project just like
this with Superbase out of the box. And
notice over here, we are getting all of
these API keys that we copied from over
there from here as well, right? So you
can copy them from directly over here as
well. Now what I'll do, I'll go to this
web app demos and click on next.js right
here. This is a better guide to set up
our project. So let's see. We have
already gotten our API details and all
over here. Let's go on and install
superbase inside of our app. So npm
install. So I'll just go to my terminal
over here and paste this just like this.
I think we also need to install one more
package. So and by the way, we have
copied both of these things. So it's
good. npm install at superbase/sr.
So, okay, we'll do that. Okay, this is
done. Let's uh install this one as well
at superbase/sr. This one is for our
server components for making the backend
calls. So, you can see right here client
component client and server component
client both are different and we are
going to be creating them next. So, see
we have to create this client.ts and
server.ts or js as well, right? So I'll
just copy this up and go to my app. And
right here we have this lip. Actually
I'm going to create a new folder right
here called utils. And here I'll create
a new folder superbase.
And let's keep all of our superbase
files right here separately. First of
all client.js
and paste it. Make sure to remove this
exclamation marks over here because this
we are not using TypeScript over here.
If you want you can use the publishable
key or you can also use anon key over
here as well. Let's keep it publishable
key for now. Then we have to copy this
server.js file. And keep in mind all of
this is a part of our setup. So you
don't need to worry about why we are
copy pasting over here. So I'll create a
new file called server.js
and paste this one over here as well.
Make sure to remove these exclamations
from over here. And I guess we are good
to go. Let's see if there's any other
file that we need to create. Next.js
proxy. Okay. So, this is basically will
be helping us when we are going to be
setting up our user authentication
inside of our app. Right. So, whenever
we are trying to access our app, this
will stop and check if user is logged in
or not. Right? So, in proxy.ts, we need
to add this code. So, I'll just copy it
up. Go to my project and create a new
file proxy.js.
So, earlier this was called as
middleware.js, but now from nextJS 16
it's called proxy.js. JS. So let's paste
this right here. I'm going to remove
these types and this line over here as
well. And it's taking it from at
lib/sup/proxy.
I think we need to create um some sort
of middleware file right here. Let me
check. Yes, this thing over here. So
we're going to copy it up. You can call
it middleware or proxy. I generally like
to call it middleware.js.
And paste this code over here. Let's
again get rid of these exclamation
marks, all of these types right here.
Again, don't need to worry about all of
these things for now. All right. Um,
this looks good. Let me just verify
this. Yes. And you can see it's
returning superbase.get user. And why
this is happening is because in proxy
you can see this is the entry point for
our app. And when user enters, it will
verify to see if user is logged in or
not, right? to provide them with the
functions of our app. All right, now
that we have created our client and
server components over here, why don't
we first go on and set up user
authentication inside of our app. But
before moving forward, if you're someone
who's preparing for interviews, you can
definitely go and check out my front-end
interview preparation course. This is
the only thing that you will ever need
to prepare for your front-end
interviews. And not only this, I've
covered every single topic of ReactJS
like React router DOM, Redux, all of the
hooks, class-based component, function
based component, React, even the
performance optimization which is asked
from senior developers a lot. Tons of
machine coding questions as well and
obviously in-depth interview preparation
course on JavaScript as well. And not
just this, along with this course, you
get an active Discord community where
you can ask your doubts whenever you get
stuck and we will be there to help you.
So click the link in description down
below because right now we're having the
biggest sale of the year for a very
limited time. So don't forget to check
it out or you can also scan this QR code
on your screen to go directly to the
course page. So I'll go to this
authentication and see it provides us
with this user table over here. And what
we want is I want to add Google
authentication. So I'll click on this
signin providers and if you scroll down
you can see we have bunch of different
providers over here and click on Google
over here and I'm I'm going to click on
enable signin with Google and now we
have to get this client ID and client
secret for our authent and how would you
do this? Let's click on docs right here
and it will tell you exactly what you
need to do to set it up. So we have to
create a Google cloud account over here.
So let's click on this. Here we are in
the Google cloud console. If you don't
have any project, you can just create it
right here. Just click on these three
lines over here, hamburger menu and
click on API and services. Now, click on
this oath consent screen and you have to
click on get started to configure it.
Okay. So, first of all, we're going to
enter the name of our apps. Let's say
deal drop user support email. You can
enter your own email over here. Next,
I'm going to choose external. So,
available to test to any user with a
Google account. Next, contact
information. Let's just enter my own
email over here. Click on next and I
agree and continue and create. So this
will help us to create our consent
screen where we you know go on and
login. Now click on create oath client.
Application type is going to be web
application. Name again let's enter deal
drop. Now over here we have to add
authorized JavaScript origins which we
can get from over here I believe. Yes.
Call back URL. So copy this up. I think
this call back URL is going to go over
here in the redirect URLs right. So
press enter and over here oops click on
it over here again and here in the
authorized JavaScript origins we want to
enter. So currently we are working on
local host right. So let's just and
paste it right here. Something like
this. And let's click on save. Actually
let's see if it looks good. Okay it is
created. Let's copy this client ID over
here. And we want to paste it right
here. And then we want to copy this
client secret over here as well. And
paste it over here. I'm not sure if we
want to add this local host here or not.
I forgot. It's such a long process. Let
me just delete it for now and click on
save. Okay, so this is done. I'll click
on save right here. And looks like it
would have configured our Google login.
Okay. And by the way, inside of our app,
we had some errors. So at lib
superbase/proxy. Okay. So this is in
this proxy.js file, it should be
middleware.
Save this. And now we should not have
any error. Okay. It should be
utils/supbase/mware.
And if you see such a error, what you
need to do, you need to just rename this
publishable default key to publishable
key and uh everything should work just
fine. Yes, nice. Why don't we go on and
configure our user authentication first
like create that user authentication
model over here, right? So over here
actually we are going to be creating
this separately inside of the component.
So I'll create a new file o model.js
r a f model. Now inside of this we will
be creating a dialogue. So from shad CN
UI I'm going to copy this dialogue
component. Yes, this one. This is
exactly what we want. So what I'll do
I'll just copy it and paste this right
here. And let's rename our component to
be O model. Let's remove everything that
we have right here. We are not going to
be needing the dialogue footer. Oops.
Dialogue footer. Let's remove this one.
not going to be needing this form over
here as well. We'll be taking out is
open and on close from over here because
we will not be having any dialogue
trigger. So dialog trigger is basically
the button which triggers the dialogue
but we will be triggering it externally
right. So we'll be taking this is open
which will be true or false accordingly
and then on close function which will
enable us to close the dialogue. So I'll
say open to be is open on open chance to
on close. Okay let's keep it max width
to be medium. Okay. Now where will we uh
we be importing it? So let's see um I
think inside of our page
js where is it page.jsx JSX we had this
o like sign in button right yes and if
user is not logged in we can show over
here sign out component as well right so
what I'll do I'll create a new component
over here so new file o button dot jsx
ifce and inside of this simply I'll go
to page jsx I'll take this button from
over and paste this right here let's
remove this div and import our button
over here and this login icon as well.
Now over here we're going to be taking a
state for tracking if our O model is
open or not. So show O model. Let's make
it a client component. Use client. And
here below this button we can import
this O model. So let's oops import it.
Something like this. And when we click
on this button I'm going to make set
show O model to be true. Why don't we go
on and try it out? Let's go to our app.
Click on sign in. Okay. It's not
working. What's wrong? Let's go to our O
model. This looks fine. I guess we have
to import this O button over here in the
page.jsx as well, right? So, O button,
import it. We will also be providing it
with user information if user is
currently logged in or not. So, we'll
take it over here and accordingly we can
show sign in or sign out button. But
first, let me just check it. If I click
on sign in, yes, we can see the model
popping up right here. Awesome. Now I
can add a button over here. I'll say if
user is there that is user is signed in
then we can simply render a button
similar to this one with the log out
icon and sign out text over here.
Variant ghost size small type submit
class name gap to be two and when we
click on this button we will trigger
this action of sign out. So obviously
this uh does not exist yet. So I'm just
going to keep it as empty for now. Let's
see if I click on sign in. This is fine.
But let's suppose this was true
actually. Yes, we have sign out over
here. Cool. Let's first create the
functionality of sign in over here.
Right. So inside of my O model, let me
just get rid of these imports that we
are not going to be needing. Okay. So
right here, I'll provide some dialogue
title and description to be sign in to
continue and track product prices and
get alerts on price drop. Okay. Then
below this dialogue header, I'm going to
be having a div display flex flex column
gap four and some vertical padding of
four. Then we will have a button inside
of over here which will be coming from
shad cnui and this will have variant
outline class name width full gap to be
two size to be large. Inside this button
I'm going to say continue with Google
and if you want you can add some login
icon or what you can do you can just go
to my GitHub repository. I've added an
icon over here actually. So in the O
model, you can just copy this SVG icon
for Google. So I'll just paste it over
here. And now if we see inside of our
app how it looks. Yes, something like
this, right? And when we click on this
button, we will trigger this handle
Google login function which obviously
does not exist. So I'll create it const
handle Google login. This will be an
arrow function. Now inside of this, we
will write the um you know login logic
over here. First of all, let me just
make this a client component. So use
client and we will be importing our
create client over here and we will be
importing this create client over here
and we will be importing this create
client over here from at util/s
superbase/client
and this will help us out to you know
let user logged in visible and this will
help us to route user to login. So I'll
say async and we'll take whatever the
origin of our window is for adding the
redirect URL and I'll add a function
over here await superbase
sign in with o and the super obviously
this that we've taken over here inside
this we're going to take an object and
I'll say provider to be we selected
Google right so I'll say Google over
here and then we have to add the
redirect URL so instead of options I'll
say redirect to that is after logging in
it should come back to over here right
so I'll say origin oops origin that is
this /
callback and we have to create this /
callback over here so that it can accept
a token that will be sent from google
right so um over here inside of app I'll
create a new folder o new folder call
back inside this I'm going to create a
new file route dot js which will receive
the token so it will be export async
function get. So it's basically an API
call right here. So inside this first of
all I'll take this request dot URL
whatever that we're getting from Google
and I'll get this code from our URL that
Google is sending us. Right? We're going
to take this code and I'll say if code
exists then superbase await create
client again but this time it will be
from server component. Right? Since we
are doing serverside call I'll say
superbase.exchange
code for session. Basically, all of this
you can find in their docs as well. It's
mostly a one-time setup. And then we can
simply return redirect to new URL slash
and request dot URL. Okay, I think this
should handle the authentication for us.
Let's also write the logic for logout.
So over here in the app, I'm going to
get a new file called actions.js.
And here I'll simply say export async
function. And by the way, this is a
server action, right? So we have to say
use server over here on the top. So
export async function and we can call it
sign out. Instead of this we are simply
going to say await create client and we
will importing from slash like /s
superbase/server and I'm going to
trigger superbase.out.
I'm going to say revalidate path that is
fetch all the data in this path that is
slash and redirect us to / route. So
import it from next slashnavigation.
Okay, let's take this and uh we can
provide it inside of O model, right?
This is where no sorry in O button. This
is where we needed to add sign out.
Okay, something like this. Why don't we
go on and try it out? So, I'll click on
sign in over here. Click on continue
with Google. And there we go. It shows
me all of my accounts. I'm going to
select one of my account over here.
Okay, continue. Okay, it's not working
for some reason. So, /allback
is not working. Let's see what's not
working uh inside of route.js. Okay, I
guess we have not imported next response
over here. Okay, why don't we just
refresh this page over here? I think
this should work. Okay, let's go on and
try to sign in again. Continue with
Google. I'll choose my account. Am I
logged in? Not too sure. Inside of
Superbase, if you go to authentication,
we can see that this user is logged in.
But over here, it does not show us the
sign out button. Let's see why is that.
So, in the O button, this coming from
page.jsx. Okay. Yeah. Over here because
user is null by default, right? But what
we have to do over here is take
superbase first of all this create
client actually this will be taken from
server because this is not a client
component. Right? So export default
async function home. Okay. And then we
will take out the user info such as this
superbase.get user and we'll take out
the user information from the data.
Okay. Nice. I think now it should show
us yes it shows us signed out. If I
click on sign out over here and we are
successfully signed out. Amazing. So we
have successfully added user
authentication inside of our app.
Congratulations. Let me just sign up
sign in again and add some empty state
over here. So now that user is signed in
and we don't have any products over
here. So what we can do simply in page
jsx over here below this section I'm
just simply going to say if user is
there and products.length is equals to
zero then we'll simply add a section
over here. Again, you can change it
according to you. I'm going to have this
trending down icon which will say no
products yet and add your first product
above to start tracking prices. So, see
something like this. No products yet and
something like this, right? This looks
good. All right. So, now let's go on and
create the tables inside of our
database. So, there are actually
multiple ways to do this. Either you can
use this table editor right here and
create it using the UI or you can also
go to the SQL editor and if you know SQL
you can enter the commands right here
and create your own table from over here
as well but we're going to take the
easier route that's exactly why we using
superbase and we're going to click on
create a table and we're going to create
our table first. So basically there are
going to be two tables. First for our
products and other for storing the
product history right all of the prices
of the product over the time. So I'll
say products and make sure to enable
role level security which will provide
us with the different different types of
authorization inside of our tables right
like for example some other user cannot
access some other user's data or delete
or modify the data etc. Right? I'll show
you how you can add role level security
as well. But over here is where we can
add all of the different different
fields for our table. Like for example,
there's going to be an id which can be
of type UU id. And here the default
value is going to be generate random uyu
ID. Right? You don't need to worry about
this. Apart from that they have given
this created at which is going to be a
timestamp. Okay. Let's add a new column.
So when we are going to be storing a
product inside of a database, right?
some user will be creating that product
and we want a foreign key inside of this
table related to that particular user.
So we're going to have a user id field
over here. The type again is going to be
the uyu ID because it will be for the
user table. Default value is not going
to be anything and in the settings this
is not nullable. I mean this is not
going to be null. Then for the next
column we will be storing the actual URL
of that particular product and it's
going to be of type text empty default
values over here as well is null label
is not going to be selected add column
it's going to be name. So let me just
add these one by one current price again
make sure to uncheck this is nullable
over here currency. Now currency can we
can keep it by default USD or whatever
like in my case I'm from India so I'll
keep it INR depends on you by the way
name is going to be text current price
is going to be numeric currency is going
to be text as well then I'm going to say
image URL again text but this can be
nullable currency cannot be nullable
then next apart from created at we can
have updated at as well so this will be
time stamp times by default this is
going to be the same now over here and
for currency it can be INR as I said
this is going to be false okay cool so
this is our table now there's one more
section over here for foreign keys so as
I mentioned user ID is going to be the
foreign key right so I'll click on add
foreign key relation over here I'm going
to choose the o table and here I'll
choose users table now here I want to
connect my user ID over here to the ID
of that particular table right this is
what it belongs to. Now over here
there's this thing called action if
reference row is removed. So if users
table like if that particular user is
deleted what's going to happen to these
if you select on cascade that means all
of these products will be deleted as
well. Right? So it depends on you. If
you want to keep it you can just select
cascade over here. I'm not going to do
it. I'll just click on save over here
and save this. And there we go. Our
table has been created. Awesome. This
looks good. Let's create another table.
This one is going to be called price
history. Again, first of all, the id is
going to be uyu ID. We don't want this
created at over here. Then next, this
will belong to a particular product,
right? This price history is going to be
belonging to a particular product that
we have added right here. So I'll click
on add column and here I'll say product
ID and here I'll select UU ID. Again,
this is going to be a foreign key. We
don't want anything over here. Add
column. There's going to be a price
history, right? So price obviously and
numeric at column currency it's going to
be text then checked at whenever we
checked it right. So time stamps and
this will be now whenever it happens and
make sure to remove this is nullable
from all of these such as this. Okay.
Now let's add the foreign key relation.
So I'll click on public and products
over here. So from product table we want
to connect the product ID with the ID
inside of it. Again same thing if you
want to add cascade you can do that as
well. So I'm just going to do that. If
the product is removed, all the history
related to that particular product will
be removed as well. Okay, let's save it
and save this. There we go. Both of the
tables have been created right here.
Okay, now I let's say if I want to add
some unique constraints over here in
products table, I want to add a
constraint that only one product can
only be added once by a user. Like for
example, if some user added X product,
right? So that same user cannot add like
that X product again. So we will prevent
that from happening. And for that let me
show you how this SQL editor from
Superbase works. So I'll say alter
table. And by the way if you know SQL
you can do this as well. If you if not
like just use chat GBT to generate
these. So products I'll say add conraint
and the constraint can be called
products
user
URL
unique. I'll say it will be unique for
that particular user ID,
URL. Right? So these cannot be
duplicated. Okay. Let's click on run
over here. And you'll notice that yeah,
it succeeded. Great. Now let's go on and
add few role policies to secure our
database. So here in the database, I'm
going to click on policies. This is
where we can add role security policies
to our tables. First of all, for the
products table, I'm going to click on
create policy. Let's call it users can
view their own product. And no other
user can view some other users product,
right? So user can view their own
products. Make sure this select is
selected over here. Target roles is
going to be authenticated. And here I'm
going to be adding expression that oid
is equals to user ID that is user should
be logged in. Okay, let's click on save
policy. There we go. I'm going to create
another policy and this one will be for
user can insert their own product and no
one can you know insert products for
that particular user. So I call it user
can insert their own products. It's
going to be for insert and again same
thing right here just like this. Let's
click on save policy. Let's create
another policy for updation. So user can
update their own products. It will be
for update and again the same command
save policy. Now for the last one is
delete. So delete user can leave their
own products and again the same command
right here. Save policy. All right. Now
let's create policies for price history
table. So I'll click on create policy.
This one will be forgetting. So I'll say
you users can view price history for
their products. Right over here you can
put whatever that you want. It's for
your own help. It will be select here.
So this is going to be a little bit
longer. So here I'm going to say select
one from products where product ID is
equals to sorry products do ID is equals
to price history. ID. We're getting that
particular product and user should be
logged in as well. So, we're basically
checking multiple things over here. Oh,
by the way, I think I forgot to wait
hold on. Yeah, this should be
authenticated for all of them. Make sure
to update it for update. Authenticated.
Okay, there's some error over here for
the updates. I guess we can just delete
and create it again. Let's delete this
policy. Make sure all of the others have
authenticated right here. Okay, this one
is causing problem as well. So, let me
just read them again. All right, there
we go. I have deleted them from right
here and you know added all of them once
again. Cool. And you can see they're all
authenticated. Nice. Now, what is
indexes? Imagine you're getting the
information for like getting all the
products for a user faster. So, we can
just pre-index all of this information
inside of our database. So, whenever you
go on and get this data, it will be much
quicker. So, like for example, let me
show you to add an index. Like for
example, I'm saying create index. This
is the name of the index on products
table when it comes to user ID that is
for a particular user ID I'm trying to
get all of the products and this will
index inside of our database right
similarly I'm going to do for price
history as well so I'll say create index
price history product ID so let me just
zoom it in on price history table for a
particular product ID and then the third
one is going to be price history checked
at index on price history checked at
descending so basically this will for
fetching the price history in descending
order because we want to render it
inside of our app. Let me show you. See
over here in this product, we are
fetching all of these price history in
the descending order. Right? So, this is
why it will be useful for us. So, yeah,
just try to run all of these. I'm going
to click on run. There we go. Success.
No rows returned. Awesome. So, we have
successfully configured our database,
the tables, role level security,
everything. All right. Now finally let's
go on and add the functionality inside
of our app so that we can enter the URL
over here scrape the data and then add
it inside of our database right awesome.
So first of all for scraping the data
we've already seen over here in
firecrawl when we clicked on get code
right here it gave us this code which
explained us how we can you know write
our code with something like we can
define our schema type object required
these fields all of these properties
over here and our prompt as well and
here inside of the documentation you can
see there's this scrape function right
here right which tells us how we can
scrape the data so we can say await
firecross dots script and we can provide
the format just like we selected right
here and we can provide additional
information like if we're selecting JSON
we can provide probably something like
prompt or schema as well right so if you
click on get code see type JSON schema
all of these things right but it depends
on the type of sorry on version that
you're using I think this / scrape has
been added in the new version earlier it
was called scrape URL
Right? And by the way, if you're using
something like Zord, they also support
this schema right here. Right? So it's
really flexible to work with. So let's
do one thing. Why don't we go on and
install the very latest version of
firecrawl. So I have I guess the older
version. But again, as I mentioned, you
guys should watch out for this. Make
sure if you have the latest version, if
you're watching this in the future, then
maybe your version is different. See,
now my version is different now that I
have updated it. Cool. Then we will
write the code according to this. So
what I'll do inside of this lib right
here, I'm going to create a new file
called firecrawl.js.
Let's see how we can create a new
instance for firecrawl. Say something
like this. So let me just copy this
example right here and paste it. So see
new firecrawl. And here we need to
provide our API key. So I'm just going
to say process.env firecrawl API key.
Let's make sure that this is what we've
written here. Yes, firecraw API key.
Nice. Now below it I'm going to create a
server action. So export async function
script product right and this will take
a URL right here. Now inside of this is
where we're going to be writing that
code like I mean similar to that code
that firecrawl gave us. So let's have a
try catch block right here. I'll say con
result equals await firecrawl dot and
here you can write scrape right earlier
it was scrape URL but now it's scrape
here you can provide the URL that we
have and then the options so here first
of all we have to give the format and
inside this formats you can see we have
bunch of different options right here
I'm going to be selecting JSON actually
this will be an object right here and
this will be type of JSON right apart
from this uh we will have our prompt as
well if you remember that we entered and
our schema on how we are going to be
structuring our data right so if I go
back see right here we have our schema
and our prompt yes let's copy both of
these and I'll just paste them right
here just like this yes we have our type
schema and our prompt Cool. And actually
in this required field, I want product
name and current price to be required.
Okay. Cool. Now after scraping this, I'm
going to say con extracted
data equals result dot I'm going to
click on JSON because that is what we
want. Now we're going to check over here
if this has something. So I'll say if
extracted data is not present or
extracted data.product name is not
there, then I'm going to say no data
extracted from the URL. And then finally
after this we're going to say return in
the catch block we can just say some
console error fire crawl scrape error
and throw new error. Cool. And this is
how it should look like. Nice. Why don't
we go on and create a server action
around it so that we can call it while
we are creating the product inside of
our database. So over here we have all
of our actions inside of actions.js.
Right. So after this sign out we're
going to create the server action for
adding the product to our database. So
I'll say export async function add
product and we're going to be taking the
form data from our front end. So from
the only thing that we're sending over
here is just the URL. Right? So let's
extract it. I'm going to say con URL
equals form data.get URL. After this
first of all we're going to check if URL
is even present or not. So I'll say if
URL is not present then return error URL
is required. After this, we're going to
have a try catch block. First of all, we
obviously need to make the call to our
database, right? So, let's take the
superbase client right here for the
server. So, make sure to import it from
at superbase. No, actually not here.
This should be from the server file. So,
let me just manually import. I think
it's already imported, right? So, yeah,
this is exactly what we want. After
this, let's take the user information.
So, con data, I'll like dstructure user
from inside of it. Superbase.get dot get
user so that we can check if user is
logged in or not. I'll first check if
user is not logged in then error not
authenticated then let's scrape the
product data with the fire crawl
function that we have created right so
I'll say oh wait scrape product let's
import it right here we we're going to
provide it with the URL and we're going
to get all the product data right here
after this let's again check if the
product dot product data dotproduct name
is not present or product data current
price is not there then console log this
product data right here okay and return
the error could not extract product
information. After this, let's take out
the price and the currency from here,
right? To be stored inside of price
table as well. Sorry, price history
table. So, I'm going to say new price
parse float and I'm going to convert
this current price that which is in
string format currently to floating
point number and the currency as well.
If the no if no currency is provided,
I'm going to assume it to be USD. All
right. Now, first of all, if the product
already exists inside of our database,
then we're going to simply update it. So
I'll say const and I'll take the data
actually rename it to existing product
equals await superbase dot from and this
is how you fetch the data from our
database right so from what's the table
name products we have created two tables
right products and price history we can
be more specific with this query I can
say dot select what do we want to select
the ID and the current price then we
want to make sure that it belongs to
this particular user So I'll say equals
do eq user id to be user do ID URL to be
this URL and we want single item from
over here if this existing product has
anything we will keep a flag over here.
So this will be true if existing product
has anything then what we going to be
performing something called as upsert.
So over here I'm going to say const and
take the data let's call it product and
error. Then I'll say await superbase dot
from this products table and I'm going
to say upsert. So basically upsert means
update or insert right. So I'm going to
be providing all of this data that we
have gotten from over here like URL and
the product data after scraping new
price currency all of these things
inside of over here. So I'll say this
object and user first of all the user ID
who is logged in URL name current price
currency image URL and updated ad as
well. Now after this I'm going to say
instead of an object we are going to be
adding a unique constraint on user ID
plus URL over here and I'll say ignore
duplicates to be false. Right? If it
exists we can update it. Then we're
going to fetch this item. So I'll say
dot select dot single. So we can get all
of this inside this product right here.
Now if there's any error so if error
throw error otherwise we are going to be
adding it to price history if it's a new
product or price has changed. So if this
is update that we took over here if it's
false that is it's a new product or the
price is not the same right then we are
going to be building the price history.
So I'm going to check if should add
history is true then I'm going to say
superbase. History for this table I'm
going to be inserting this new value
right here. Okay. After this simply we
are going to revalidate the path so that
we can fetch all of this again. So
import this revalidate and then in the
end we're going to return success to be
true the product and the message if it's
you know latest product. So product
added successfully otherwise if it's
updated then updated with latest price
inside of console right here I'm going
to simply show the error console error
and return with this error if there's
any. Okay. Yeah. Yes, it was quite a lot
uh of things in this function right
here. Let me just go on and create more
server actions right here so that we
don't need to come back to this file
like for example delete or getting our
products getting the price history etc.
So for delete product I'm going to say
export async function delete product and
we're going to provide it with the
product ID right here. Inside this I'll
say try catch block. I'll say const
superbase equals await create client and
then I'm going to delete this product
with respect to this product ID. So I'll
say await superbase dot from products
table. I'll say dot delete. It should be
equal to this id of product ID. If
there's any error, we're going to throw
the error. else we will just revalidate
this path inside of this catch and by
the way after revalidating I'm going to
return success to be true and inside of
catch right here let's return error
error this error message okay after this
let's get all of the products for that
particular user so I'll export async
function get products inside this I'll
have a try catch block like this and
this is going to be again very similar
so let me just write it out real quick
so again we're going take the superbase
client I'm going to say await superbase
from products select star so we want
everything related to that those
products right all of the information
and I'll say order created at ascending
to be false if there's error throw the
error otherwise return data otherwise
empty array in the catch we're going to
simply throw the same console error and
return empty array then for a particular
product we also want to get the price
history as well right something like
this so I'll say try catch block and
Here let me bring in the query. So I'll
say con superbase await create client.
So await superbase dot from price
history select everything. It should be
equal to this product ID that we have
right here and in the order of
ascending. Okay after this same thing
I'm going to say if there's an error
return data otherwise an empty array and
instead of catch as well just like we've
done earlier. Okay nice. So yeah, we
have created all of these server actions
right here and these will help us to
build our app. Okay, let's uh close this
up and go back to inside of components
add product form.jsx.
Here we can add our product. First of
all, by the way, uh we have to add the O
model over here when we're trying to add
some product, right? So let's just take
a state for it. So, show O model set
show O model and simply just like we
have imported in page.jsx right here.
So, where is it? No, I think it was in O
button only, right? So, yes. So, let's
copy this up instead of add form like
add product form, we're going to add
this O model and let's import it. Okay,
cool. So, this will this will work. Let
I'll show you how how and when we will
trigger this, right? So, inside this
handle submit first of all, we're going
to prevent the default behavior. So,
I'll say e.trevent default. And now
since we have the user information right
here, we're going to check if user is
logged in or not. So I'll say if user is
not logged in, user does not exist. Set
show O model to be true and return. So
let's try it out actually over here. So
let's just sign out the user. I'm going
to click on track price. Okay, let's
just enter any random URL. For example,
this one and click on track price. Yes,
we can see this model over here. This is
nice. Then we're going to start the
loading. I'll say set loading to be
true. And after this I'm going to build
my form data. So I'll say const form
data equals new form data form
data.append this URL right which we will
be you know breaking down when we go to
that server action of add product. So
I'll say con result equals add product
that we created. So let's make sure to
import it and we're going to provide it
with this form data. After this we're
going to check if the result dot error
is true then we're going to show toast
over here. So we have imported like
installed this sonner right. So let me
show you what sonner is actually all
about. Make sure to import it from
sonner first. And over here in the
layout.js
uh over here below this children we want
to import something called a toaster
from add component/ui/soner
and just say rich colors something like
this. Let me show you um first what this
sauner is all about. So in the
shhatsenian UI docs go all the way over
here sauner if you click on show toast
see it will appear something like this
right and you can choose the direct like
um alignment over here as well where you
want to show it something like that so
if there's any error I'm going to show
toast dot error else to do success and
whatever the result message is otherwise
product tracked successfully and set URL
to be empty and after this I'm going to
say set loading to be false in the end
okay I I think this should work. Uh we
have done everything. Why don't we go on
and let's track one of these products.
How about this one? I'll copy this from
over here and go to here and click on
actually let's just click on inspect as
well. Let's see our network activity.
Click on track price. Okay, first of all
obviously we have to login with Google.
Okay, so we are logged in. Let's paste
our URL and click on track price. So
this is adding it. Let's wait. You can
see it has triggered action.js our add
product function over here. So nice.
This is a good news. Let's wait for it
to extract the data and add it. Okay.
Looks like this is done. Let's go and
check. Okay. Yeah. Nice. Inside of our
products table, we can see the product
details right here. Awesome. So, it has
been added inside of our DB as well. You
can see the name, current price,
currency, image, URL, everything has
been added successfully. Great. Now next
why don't we go on and render this
product right here on the bottom you can
see inside of our deployed app we have
we are rendering them over here right so
we are going to be rendering them our
products over here so first of all I'm
going to go to my page jsx right here
the homepage and here we took this empty
array for our products right so instead
of this now I'm going to first of all
check if user is logged in then I'm
going to say await get product so this
server action that we created we going
to be importing that otherwise we're
going to be taking it as an empty array
right now we can take this products
right here and you can see we were
rendering this thing over here according
to if we have any product over here or
not so I think right now yes this should
not be visible and now we can render our
products right below this over here so
below this section I'm going to be
having another section over here and for
this one I'm going to be wrapping this
up and I'll say if user user is logged
in and products dolength is more than
zero only then we will render this
section. Okay. Okay. So inside of this
now first of all let's just give this
section some class name of max weight to
be 7 XL MX auto so that everything is in
the very middle some horizontal and
vertical padding. Inside of this I'm
going to be having a div where I'm going
to be having an H3 which will say your
tracked products. Below this H3 I'm
going to be having a span tag which will
show how many products we have. So
products.length and if products.length
length is one then I'll just say let's
say one product or if it's more than one
then I'll say two products but text
small and text gray to be 500 let's see
yep something like this let me just
style this a little bit so I'll say
class name to be display flex items to
be center justify to be between oops and
margin bottom to be six for this h3 I'll
say class name to be text to excel some
font bold text gray to be 900 so now we
can see this will be bigger yeah
something like this And this is in the
very right side. Okay, cool. Let me just
make this full screen first of all.
Okay, now below this is where we're
going to be rendering our products. So
below this div over here, I'm going to
be having another div. And this one will
have class name of grid gap of six in
the medium screens grid columns to items
to be start. Now inside of it is where
we're going to be rendering our product.
So I'll say products dot map and I'll
take each and every product and I'm
going to be rendering it inside of a
product card component. Right? Obviously
this does not exist yet. We will be
creating it. So let's just provide it
with the key first. So key is going to
be product dot id. Right? And also we'll
pro provide it with the actual product.
So product. Okay. Let's create this
product card now. So inside of our
components, I'll create a new file
product card dot jsx r a fce and let's
take the actual product over here in the
props. Right? Let's just import it right
here and we will check if this is
working fine or not. So it should be
rendered in a grid. There you go.
Something like this. We just have one
product. So that's why it has rendered
product card once. Okay, cool. Now over
here inside of this product card, we're
going to be taking a couple of states.
First of all, let's just make it a
client component. So I'll say use client
since we're going to be having hooks
over here. So we're going to be having
two use states. First one for showing or
hiding the chart and second one for
deleting our product. Right? So
basically a loading indicator when it's
deleting. So show chart set show chart
by default it's going to be false.
Deleting set deleting by default false.
Let's create the function for deletion.
So const handle delete equals async
inside this function. I'll first of all
uh prompt user if they want to confirm
deletion or not. So I'll say if remove
this product from tracking if user said
yes then we'll move forward otherwise
we're going to return it. If the user
said yes I'm going to say set deleting
to be true. Await delete product to
product ID. Let's import this delete
product right here and see let's see
what this is returning. It's going to
return success. Okay so it's actually
going to be similar to the insertion
right. So where was it? add product
form. So something like this. I'm going
to copy this whole thing up. Go to
product card and I'll paste it right
here. I'll just store it inside of
result con result this result dot error.
Then we're going to show the toast with
the error. Otherwise success product
deleted successfully. And over here set
deleting is going to be false. Okay,
nice. Now why don't we go on and create
this product card. So for this we're
going to be using a card component.
What's wrong? Use state is not defined.
Okay, let's import use state. Yep, now
it's fine. So, let's go to chat UI and
over here I'm going to be using the card
component. This card component right
here. Right. So, see where is it? Yes,
over here. So, this is how our card
component is going to look like. So,
I'll just copy it up and paste it right
over here. Let's get rid of the card
title and description. Make sure to
import everything else over here. card
from make sure to import from dot / UI
only. Card content card footer. Let's
see if it's appearing. Yes, it is
appearing over here. Now, first of all,
for our card, let's just give it some
class name. So, I'm going to say on
hover, we're going to show the shadow
transition shadow. Card header, I'll say
class name to be padding bottom of
three. Inside of this, I'm going to be
having a div right here. Fit flex and
gap to be four. Now first of all we're
going to render the product image over
here. So I'll say if product dot image
URL is there then I'm going to have this
image tag src product dot image URL. And
by the way you can use image tag from
next/ image over here as well or you can
also just keep it as default image tag.
In the next JS image tag obviously you
will need to provide the resolution of
width and height as well. Okay. So width
20, height 20, object cover rounded MD
border. Let's see if it's visible. Yes,
it is visible. After this, we're going
to be rendering the product name and
all. So after this, I'm going to be
having a div. Inside of this div, I'm
going to be having an H3 with product
dot name font semi bold text 900 line
clamp 2 and margin bottom to be two. And
below this H3, I'm going to be having
another div with display flex item
baseline gap to be two. And inside of it
we will just show product currency and
the current price. So with the span tag
I'll say text to be 3 XL font bold and
text color to be orange 500 with
product.urren currency and product
current like this is straightforward
guys. And after this we're going to be
rendering a badge component from chat
scen UI which will be for showing that
we are tracking it right. So uh oops
badge component and this can also have
some variants. Oops not from lucid
react. Make sure to import from dot / ui
var secondary class name gap to v1.
We'll have a trending down icon over
here and we're going to say tracking.
Let's check it out. Yep. See something
like this. Awesome. Now below it we can
show over here you know show chart hide
chart button or view product button. So
over here in the card content I'm going
to be having a div right here like this.
inside this do first of all the button
that we'll have is to show and hide the
chart. So I'll say button make sure to
import it from dot / ui and here
according to this uh this show chart
state we'll be showing the content
inside of it. So I'm going to say if
show chart is true then we'll show a
chevron up icon from lucid react and say
hide chart. Otherwise we're going to say
chevron down icon and say show chart.
Let's see. Yes, if I click on it, so
obviously nothing's going to happen
because we are not changing it. So over
here in the button, I'm going to say
variant outline size is going to be
small. On click, I'll say set show and
reverse it. So not show chart and class
name gap to be one. Now you'll notice
yes, now we are switching it. Below it,
we will be having a button to view the
product. So below this button, I'll say
another button variant outline size
small as child class name gap to be one.
And here I'm going to be showing a link
from next slash link right which will
take us to the external link of the
product to the actual website from like
where the product exists right. So I'll
click on external link over here. This
will be an icon hf product url simply
target blank so that it opens in another
tab. So let's check it out. Yes. If I
click on this see it takes us to the
actual website right here. Awesome.
Let's turn it off. After this button,
we're going to have button for deleting
the product. So variant ghost size small
on click. I'm going to trigger the
handle delete function that we have
created. It will be disabled when it's
deleting class name text red on hover
text 700 background 50 and gap to be
one. And we're going to show this trash
to icon from lucid react and remove. So
see something like this. We click on it.
It will ask you for confirmation. I'm
just going to cancel it. I don't want to
delet it right now. Right. And now if we
are showing the chart over here then
according to that we will show this card
footer. So I'll say if show chart is
true then show card footer. So if I
click on it yes something like this.
This is cool. Let's just say class name
padding top to be zero. Now over here
we're going to be creating the price
oops price chart component something
like this and we will provide it with
the product id which will be product dot
id let's create this component this does
not exist I'm going to click on new file
right here price chart jsx r a fce price
chart now over here for displaying the
charts we're going to be using a library
called recharts and also we are going to
be fetching all of the historical data
for that particular product. So over
here we're going to be taking two
states. First of all for storing the
data and second for loading when we are
fetching it. So let's make this a client
component. Use client and we have
already created the action for this. So
get price history. This is what you are
going to be fetching inside of this
component right here. So let me just
import it. Yeah, inside of over here.
Let's see how rechart works after we
have fetched the data. So let me just
say three charts on Google. This is the
library and we are actually going to be
rendering a simple line chart over here.
So if I show you I think see something
like this where we can see the actual
pricing. So in recharts it provides you
with a bunch of different different
charts over here and obviously it's a
freeto use library. So what I want you
to do this is an assignment for you
guys. I want to go I want you to go
through this library and figure out how
you can render this data over here. If
you are able to do this, great. If
you're not able to do this, just go to
my git repository. Inside of components,
we have this price chart.js component
right here as a solution. Right? Don't
view it first. First, try to build it
yourself. Only then you will learn
instead of just blindly following.
Right? So, this is an assignment for
you. Just finish it yourself first and
I'm going to skip this part of building
it. Right? If you are not able to build
it, obviously you can also provide this
code to chart GPT or claude and ask it
for explanation. Make sure to import
this recharts library first. Okay, let's
move forward. All right, there we go. I
have written this code right here. Now,
what I was thinking is why don't we go
on and commit our code up until now
because later on we will have to deploy
our app as well, right? So, I'll just
open GitHub and click on this plus icon.
Click on new repository. Repository name
can be deal drop. Click on create
repository. And right here, let's commit
our code. So I'm just going to go back
right here and I'll click on terminal
get init to initialize a new git
repository and we would need to add
remote origin. First of all let's just
say get add dot getit commit dash m and
provide commit message. Let's say basic
functionalities.
Press enter. We will add the origin, the
line that we copied. And I'll say get
push origin master and press enter.
There we go. Something like this. All
right. There we go. This is pushed.
Great. Now, if we see inside of our app,
see, it shows us loading chart. And
obviously, we have not added any price
history yet. So, it will not show us any
chart. Why don't we go on and manually
add some, you know, price history for
this. Like over here in the price
history, we can probably say insert
insert row. Keep the ID as empty. Let's
select some product ID. Let's say this
product price. I think currently it's
8,550, right? Let's just choose 8,000.
Currency can be INR if I'm not wrong.
Yes, INR checked at. We can just choose
any previous date over here. Save it.
Let's add one more time. Insert row.
Product ID to be this. Price, let's say
8 700. currency INR at 8th and save it.
Okay, so we have two entries over here.
Obviously, we won't be adding manually
over here, right? Later on, we will be
creating a chron job for it. So, now if
you notice, if we click on show chart,
okay, nice. We have two entries over
here. So, this is how it's going to look
like. Awesome. Now, let's move forward
and finally implement our alerts, right?
So that every day at a certain time,
let's for example 9:00 a.m., it's going
to check the price. Or maybe if you want
to check price every 1 hour, it can do
that as well, right? And when it notices
that price has gone down, it will send
you the alert over the email. Cool. So
let's um let's start working on it. So
first of all, I'm going to be creating
the endpoint for it. And then I'll go on
and set up our chron job. Okay. So here
in the app folder, we are going to be
creating a new folder for our APIs. And
we will keep this public so that our
chron job inside of superbase can access
this endpoint. And how do you create an
endpoint first of all? So let me just uh
show you. So if I create new folder over
here for chron inside of this I'm going
to be creating another folder. Let's
call this API check price or prices. And
then we have to create a route file. So
route.js.
Okay. Now let me just demonstrate how
you can create a simple endpoint. So you
just have to say export async function
get. So this will be a get call.
Similarly you can put post over here
which we will do for our main endpoint
and over here we can say return next
response. So basically this is how we
are responding. If you wanted you could
have done next request as well if you
wanted some data from the server which
I'll show you how you can do that as
well. And I'll say dot JSON. We will
return it in the JSON format. And in the
object you can return whatever you want.
Let's say a message price checkpoint
endpoint is sorry price check endpoint
is working. Cool. Um why don't we go on
and check it out. So I'll say / API
slash I think it was chron and check
prices with a dash in between and press
enter. Yeah, check this out. It shows us
this message price check endpoint is
working. Cool. Then uh let's just go on
and write our post endpoint. Then copy
and duplicate it. I'll just say post in
place of it. And this will be basically
taking some request over here which will
be like our chron secret. So chron
secret is basically a secret code for
accessing this function right here that
will be triggered by our chron job. So
let's generate such uh secret over here.
All you have to do you have to say node-
e and here I'll say in double quotes
console dot log inside of it you will
say require a library called in single
quotes crypto and I'll say dot random
bytes inside of this it will be 32 I'll
say dot to string and I'll say hex so
basically this will help us generate a
complex and secure string right here see
something like this. Let's copy it up.
Go to env. And here we can create a new
environment variable called chron
secret. And we can paste this right
here. Cool. This is what we'll be using
it. And this is what we'll be providing
to superbase as well to trigger our
route right here. So let's put it inside
of try catch block. Close this. First of
all, I want to get the chron secret
right that this request is sending us.
First of all, I'll say o header. We're
going to take all the details inside of
this request. So request.heathers.get
authorization inside of this is where
we'll be sending the chron secret and
we'll be taking our chron secret that we
have added right here to compare from
it. Then I'll check if first of all if
no chron secret or if o header is not
equals to bearer chron secret. So this
is how you basically trigger an API call
for authorization if you have worked
with something like this before. So let
me show you actually uh let me just
paste it right here and comment it out.
So here is how basically you're going to
be triggering it. Inside of the header
you're going to say authorization and
bearer and your token right here which
is our chron secret. And this will be
our versel URL. Obviously in my case
it's the drop, right? Something like
this. You can call this something else
if you like. Okay. So inside of this if
statement if it's not there I'm going to
simply return next response. Make sure
to import it. JSON error unauthorized
and status 401 that is a front- end
error. Right? Then you might remember
that we added this service role key
right here. So basically this key is
very crucial and you should not share it
with anyone. Right? So basically this
key allows us to bypass the role
security of our tables. So let me show
you. I'll say create client and
obviously import it from server. No
actually not server. This will be
imported from directly from add
superbase. superbase/s superbase-js.
We're going to take the next public
superbase URL and superbase service role
key over here. So we can bypass our role
level security. Okay. Now we can input
over like we can fetch whatever that we
want. So I'm going to say await
superbase from products table and we'll
get every single product right to check
the prices for it. Const data let's
rename it to product and if there's any
error we're going to call it products
error. Okay. If there's any products
error then we're going to show it by
throwing product error right otherwise
we can just simply console look these
many products to check. So this is for
internally for the server right let's uh
populate an object over here called
results with total products updated
failed so that we can just show it
inside of our console right price
changes alert sent this just for us for
debugging. Now we can loop through all
of these products right here. for
consroduct of products and inside of it
I'll have a try catch block inside this
try catch block we will scrape the
information of each and every product
using our scrape function so this scrape
product function that we have created
earlier make sure to import it we will
provide it with the product URL and get
the data inside of it right it's going
to be very similar to what we have
already done if the data is not present
then we're going to say results dot and
we're going to increment the failed key
right here. how many failed to scrape
right and then after this I'm going to
say new price and whatever the new price
is from the scraped data and the old
price that we have from product dot
current price right and convert it into
float obviously then finally we can
update it inside of our database so I'll
say await superbase from products and
I'll say dot update update current price
currency if there's any updation name
image URL and when it was updated and
we're going to equal it to the product
ID ID. So I'll say dot equal to ID to be
product do ID. Okay. Now we will only
add it to our price history table if the
price has changed. So I'll say if old
price is not equal to new price right
here. Then what I'll do? I'll just
insert it inside of my price history
table. Superbase dot from price history
and I'll say dotinsert product ID, price
and currency. So we manually inserted it
inside of our UI, right? But now we can
insert it through code right here. Okay.
Then I'll say results dot price changes
plus+. We can you know increment this
one. Again this these are all just for
our debugging to check if price has
changed or not. Now I'm going to check
if new price is less than old price. Now
in this case we are going to send alert
to the user. So let's fetch first of all
who is the user. So I'm going to say
const data
restructure user from it. I'll say oh
wait superbase.admin.
So this is only accessible if you're
using you know something like uh superb
service role key right. So admin dot get
user ID I'll get the user ID and from
this user right here is where we are
going to be taking out the user's email.
So if user dot email is there let me
just use optional chaining over here. If
it is there we are going to be sending
the email over here. So send email. We
will be writing the logic for it over
here very soon. And after this I'll
simply say results do.updated ++. That's
all. In the catch block right here I'll
say console.error error processing
product for that particular product and
results dotfailed ++. Okay after all of
this is done let's see. So it was right
here in this for loop right we are
populating this results right here. We
can just provide it with some response
here as well. After this I'm going to
say return next.response do.json JSON
success true message to be this and the
results right and finally in the catch
over here I'm going to say console error
chron job error and we can respond with
the error right status 500 that is a
server error okay yeah I think uh that
was it for this one uh let's go on and
write the logic for sending the email
and for sending our email actually we
are going to be using a service called
as resend I've used it in some of my
previous videos as well so just go to
resend And right here, click on over
here, recent. Let's log in and create
our new account. I'm going to log in
with Google. There we go. We are in. And
over here, go to API keys and create an
API key. So, let's name it uh deal drop
and click on add right here. There we
go. We got this API key. Just copy it
up. And since we are on free plan, this
will send us the email from our from
their default email basically. So, let
me show you what you need to do over
here. First of all say resend email
sorry resend API key equals this and the
mail that we will receive will be from
over here onboarding atresend.dev. So
this is basically for development and
testing and for free accounts. Obviously
if you want to add your own domain
probably you can go on and add it right
here. But since this is our personal
project it's fine with us. That is all
we need to do over here. Let me show you
actually how our email will look like.
So uh for example this is my test email
that I was sending and this is the email
that we will be sending to our user.
Let's just go on and create this
template first. So let's close it and
inside of lib over here just go on and
create a new file email.js JS and here
we're going to create a function email
async function send price drop alert
inside of this params I'm going to take
four things user email product old price
and new price and this will return us
true or false accordingly right so we're
going to take this and we'll use it over
here in send email part that we have
commented out so here simply I'll say
const email result equals await send
price drop alert make sure to import it
over here and we'll send the user email
product old price new price according to
the email result I'll check if email
result do success is true then results
do alert send++ that's all let's go on
and build this now so over here first of
all we need to initialize the resend so
let's install recent first I'm going to
say npm install resend and press enter
there we go it is installed now over
here I'm going to say const recent
equals new resend import it from recent
send right here and say process env dot
and let's take our resend API key from
over here and paste it right here. Cool.
Now we can use it to send emails. So
inside of it I'll have a try catch block
and here we will compare the price drop
and prepare our data basically. So I'll
say con price drop equals old price
minus new price and how much percentage
drop. So price drop divided by old price
into 100 we will get the percentage.
After this I'll say const equals await
resend dot emails dot send and this is
where we'll be sending our email. So we
will basically be getting the data and
error right instead of send over here
we're going to be having an object. So
I'll say from from can simply be u
process env
what did we take over there it was
recend from email right. So this thing
two is going to be the user's email. So
user email then we can show the subject
to the user. So send the subject. So
price drop alert with the product name
and then the our email. So I'll just
keep it empty for now. After this after
this is done, we're going to check if
there's any error. So show console error
and return error. Otherwise we're going
to return success to be true and data
right here. Right? And in the catch
simply we're going to show the error. So
console error and return error to be
error dossage. All right. Now what about
this HTML? So I showed you that email
that we have created, right? So
according to you, you can build your
HTML right here or what you can do, you
can just go to my GitHub repository.
It's a long code. Let me just copy and
paste it first so that I can explain
you. But it's simple enough. So just go
to lib. Oh, sorry. This was our code,
right? So this was the deployed code. So
email.js and just copy this HTML all the
way to here. Copy and paste it right
here. Okay, let's see what uh this is
all about. So this is basically a simple
HTML file. Doc type HTML HTML and head.
If you want you can just run it
somewhere. So again as I was showing you
over here, see if you click on HTML,
this is the code that we have created.
Probably this is too long. Maybe you can
simplify it as well. Just show the basic
stuff whatever that you want to show
over here. Right? Something like this
with the meta tags and all body inside
this. The only thing that we need to
worry about is this product image that
we're showing in this image tag right
here and the product name, percentage
drop, product currency with the old
price, product currency with a new price
to fix. I'm pretty sure if you're
watching this tutorial, you know how
HTML works, right? So again, you can
make changes to this template according
to yourself. Cool. Then so yeah, that's
uh our price drop alert. Should we go on
and try it out? What do you guys say?
But the first thing that we need to do
over here, we need to hit this end
point, right? And to hit this end point,
we'll need to deploy our app as well,
right? So let's just why don't we go on
and deploy this to Versel. Uh let's make
the changes. Let's commit the changes
over here. Add email alerts. Commit
publish branch. Okay, there we go. Let's
go to Versell now and click on add new
over here and click on project. And here
I'm going to click on this deal
repository. Make sure your GitHub is
connected. Framework is obviously
Nex.js. That's fine. build and output
settings. We're going to keep it as it
is. Environment variables. Let's add our
environment variables over here. So,
I'll go to env. I'll just copy all of
these and paste it right here. Something
like this. See, all of our environment
variables are here and click on deploy.
Let's see if this works. Over here, you
can see the build logs to see if there's
any error while uh deploying it. So,
it's creating an optimized production
build. This is good sign. There we go.
It is deployed. Amazing. Let's continue
to dashboard and let's set our um domain
for this first, right? I'm pretty sure
they would have set some weird domain.
Let's click on domains over here. You
can see let's click on edit. I'll say
get deal drop. Something like this,
right? And let's click on save. Remove
old domain. Okay, there we go. Let's
check this out. Okay, our app is
working. Now one thing that we need to
change over here inside of superbase go
to authentication and URL configuration.
And here in URL configuration you need
to change this local host to this new
get deal. I think let me just copy it
properly and paste it with the https and
everything. Okay. Save changes. So this
will make sure our login is working
correctly. Let me just sign in first.
Continue with Google. There we go. I am
logged in. Great. This is also working I
guess. Yes, everything is working fine.
Let's just take this link right here.
I'll copy it up. I'll go back to this
route.js and I'll replace it over here.
And for our chron secret, let's just add
this chron secret over here. And let's
hit this endpoint. Right, I'm going to
uncomment it. I'll just copy it up and
then comment it again. So, let me just
open PowerShell over here and hit this
endpoint. So, there we go. Go back and
paste this right here. test anyway and
oh wait what's wrong okay let me just
put it in one single line actually the
slash again let me just copy it from up
until here let me paste it and check it
out I think we need to say something
like uh I think this will work in Mac
but for Windows I think called exe let's
check it out I think this should work
yeah something is happening okay what do
we have total one updated one failed
zero price changes zero okay let's let's
see uh if this is added inside of are DB
or not. I'll go to table editor price
history. No, probably because the price
didn't change, right? That's why. Let me
do one thing over here in the products.
I'll change the price to something like
five 8650,
right? Let's try it again now. So, I'll
use the same thing and hit it. Okay,
there we go. We got something over here.
Price check completed. Result total one
updated one. Price changes one. Okay,
let's go over here and uh refresh this
price history. Okay, nothing seemed to
have happened over here. I think
something definitely went wrong. It did
not fail. Alerts sent zero. You know
what? Uh why don't we just use it inside
of our local host first? Maybe it will
work. So, I'll just say http local host
col 3000 should be http I guess. And
press enter. Let's see if it works
inside of our local host or not. I think
if there's any error, we will get it
right here in real time. See, it's
showing us here. Found one products to
check. And it hit this price changes
one. Alert sent. Yes, alert sent one.
Okay, I think now it would have added it
right here. Yes, this was added. I don't
know why it didn't work with the versel
URL. Probably something went wrong.
Let's go first check inside of our app
right here. Yes, we can see it updated.
Let's go and check my email. And yes, I
have gotten this email right here that
the price got dropped by 100 rupees.
Let's try it again with the versel URL.
Probably something went wrong with it.
Let me just update this pricing again.
8750
probably. Okay, let's try it out again
with the versel URL. So with get
deal.verell.app.
Let's make sure that this is working.
I'm going to click on it first. It is
working. So it should not be an issue
with this one. Let's enter it. Let me
just actually check one thing over here
in Verscell. If you go to settings,
there's this deployment protection over
here. Right? I think this could be an
issue. So, I'll just disable this.
Probably this is what's stopping us to
hit this URL. Right. Let me just stop it
again and just try to hit it again.
Press enter. Now, this should probably
work. There we go. Total one updated one
failed zero price changes one alert sent
one. Let me check my email first. Yes,
you can see I got another email right
here. Let's go check our database for
price history. Yes, we have another
entry. Amazing. And inside of our app as
well, probably we would have gotten the
updated chart. Amazing. This is cool.
So, our endpoint is working flawlessly.
Now, the only thing that we need to do
is to configure the chron job over here
so that this gets triggered every day at
9:00 a.m. or whatever that you want.
Right? So for adding a custom cron job
inside of superbase, we will go to our
SQL editor and you can write custom SQL
over here. But they have integrations
over here for adding custom postgra
functions like cron. So click on it and
click on enable pgron over here. So
extensions enable extension. There we
go. It is enabled. In the jobs you can
click on create job over here and name
it. Let's say trigger price check. And
here we can add schedule, right? how
often it will get triggered like they
have given multiple different examples
right here right like every Monday at 2
a.m. So if you want to understand crown
probably just ask chat GPD it will tell
you exactly what these things mean so
every one of these stars have a certain
meaning like for example days
month etc right but superbase makes it
super easy let's say if I'm going to say
every day 9 a.m. Right. So now it will
generate an expression for me based on
that. See something like this. This is
what we want. So we can just copy and
like if you want you can just leave it
over there or something like this 09 and
star star. Then over here after this you
can select if you want to run a SQL
snippet at that time database function
or if you want to run HTTP request which
we want to do. I'm going to say install
pgnet extension first. So yeah enable
extension. Click on http request. method
will be post obviously end point. So let
me just choose our end point which was
this. I'm going to copy it up and paste
it right here. Time out. Uh I'm going to
remove this timeout over here probably.
Let's keep it somewhere around 20 20
seconds, right? Because there might be a
lot of products over here. Let's add a
new header. It will be called
authorization and header value is going
to be bearer. And then the token. So
token is right here. this one. Paste it
over here. If you want to add a new
header, something like content type,
I'll say application/json.
We're not going to be needing the body.
And um yeah, I think that should be it.
Let's click on create chron number must
be less than 5,000. Okay. Well, let's
put 5,000 over here, I guess. Then
create chron job. There you go. It has
been created. Amazing. Should we try and
trigger it out? Let's just first change
the price over here for our products.
You know what? Let's just do everything
from the beginning. Let's go on uh first
of all to our deployed app right here.
Let me just add a new product. Right?
So, why don't just go on this Zara
website only. Let's choose some other
product over here. Let's say this one,
right? Let me just copy it and paste it
inside of our app. Click on track price.
It is adding it. It would be scraping
the data. Okay. Okay, we're getting some
error over here. Let me check. Wait,
I'll just click on add again. I think
there was some error while adding it.
Oh, no, it's fine. So, yeah, it's
working. See, it has added right here.
Now, what I'll do, I'll go to like
superbase and here, let's change the
price of this product to something more
550
something like this, right? And now, uh,
let's go on and trigger our chron job
manually. So obviously uh chron jobs are
going to be triggered every day at 9:00
a.m. but we can also trigger them
manually from right here. So go over
here and run command. So it has been
triggered. Let's see what happens. And
if you want to see if it's been working.
Wait, it has not run yet. Wait, let me
just try to run it again. Command from
uh this ran successfully. Okay, let's
click on over here and click on view
chron logs. Doesn't seem like it ran.
Probably we missed something over here
probably. Or maybe it will just run in
the next cycle 11 December something.
Well, I guess we just have to wait up
until next day to find out if it's
working or not. But it should work for
sure because we already tested it inside
of our console. And yeah, with that we
have successfully created our price
tracker app. If you like this video, hit
that like button as hard as you can. And
now next step for you is to prepare for
those front- end interviews. So check
out my front end interview preparation
course from the link in description down
below and use this coupon code on the
screen for the maximum discount. Oh, by
the way, I just got the delivery for
this jacket. So price tracker worked.